In the last election we did a lot of refactoring and this can look very complex and setting up N-G are
x initially is a lot of work but we'll get there.
And once you get it running and got everything set up working with it is super easy I promise.
So we created this app reducer with the feature selector and yabber selector.
Now we want to dispatch actions.
And where do we do that.
Well for now in the same places we did it before.
Indeed off servers for example there we still want to dispatch an action whenever we start logging in.
The question just is how does this now work.
Since we refactored everything we need to adjust our import we import everything as from root.
Maybe because now I want to make it clear that we are targeting the root reducers the root store which
combines all the ABA reducers and it still lives in the producer files so does import.
It still is all right here when we inject the state.
This changed now though the generic type is now from root and they are just the state because the state
as we define it there already merge SD substate the feature States into it.
So now we got this change from Ruda and a different type of state.
Now for dispatching we can take a bunch of the more complex way we use to define our actions.
So I'll import everything as you like.
That's kind of the convention for the actions you use just the name uppercase character at the beginning
and no actions after it from the shared folder.
And there you are I not reducer but actions.
Now if you want to dispatch an action as we do here we simply dispatch knew because remember in UI actions
we defined classes so we can instantiate them here.
These classes we simply dispatch knew you I dot.
And now we can for example dispatch.
Start loading here.
Very convenient.
We don't even have to reference a specific constant.
So I'll do the same of course for stop loading for all stop loading instances.
I will use stop loading which I instantiate.
And here we got one more start loading instance which all place replace Whoops just a typo like this.
With this we still dispatch.
Now how do we subscribe to state changes in the log in component in NGO on it.
We read not got an error here.
We for one also have to change our import we're into we're importing from root here from reproducer.
And that changes the state from our store it's from root state simply.
And now here we no longer need to manually drill into this object.
We can instead use a different function to select function where we simply pass from root is loading
now the select function takes advantage of these selectors we defined and the producer you remember
your create selector we can use them with the select function.
And this gives us a quick and easy way of directly getting the exploding property value just like that.
Now with that the missing thing is that we go to our app module and change the way we configure our
store here.
We should not also do this differently and import reducers from the app reducer file and just pass DS
to for root reducers.
Now if we save everything and we go back to our application letted reload we don't see a button.
Well the issue is here in the loading template we should wrap this in parentheses.
Otherwise the check is executed in the wrong order.
So now with that we get the baton.
And now let's log in and we get to Spener and this is working now with DUI state.
So there was a lot of set up make sure to carefully go through it so that you understand all these steps.
And now it's time for assignment in the next sector.